Adds Deprecation warnings for ctype solar-x/solar-y (#7955)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/7955.deprecation.rst

> deprecated `ctype1="solar-x"/"solar_x"` and `ctype2="solar-y"/"solar_y"` in `sunpy.map.Mapbase.GenericMap.coordinate_system`

Reviewer: We will need to workshop this message.

Author: > We will need to workshop this message.

I am sorry but I didn't get what you mean.

Author: > We will need to workshop this message.

```git
The use of `ctype1="solar-x"/"solar_x"` and `ctype2="solar-y"/"solar_y"` in 
`sunpy.map.Mapbase.GenericMap.coordinate_system` is deprecated and will 
be removed in a future release. Please update your code to use 
`ctype1="HPLN-TAN"` and `ctype2="HPLT-TAN"`.
```

How about this? @nabobalis

Reviewer: Hmm, I think we will need other maintainers to chime in on this.

Author: > Hmm, I think we will need other maintainers to chime in on this.

works

Reviewer: The unit test is failing in the oldest deps build, I am unsure why. That will need to be debugged.

Author: > The unit test is failing in the oldest deps build, I am unsure why. That will need to be debugged.

Will look into it.

> deprecated `ctype1="solar-x"/"solar_x"` and `ctype2="solar-y"/"solar_y"` in `sunpy.map.Mapbase.GenericMap.coordinate_system`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deprecated support for phrasing CTYPE SOLAR-X and SOLAR-Y within `sunpy.map.Mapbase.GenericMap`.
These are not supported by the FITS standard and are instead to be handled within a map source.
```
Maybe?
